as Brent April here web tennis and I'll
keep working with you here on this
transitional shot that you've got either
in singles and doubles and the first
thing that we've worked on we've talked
about the mental you know the mindset
that you've got to have when you play a
shot here in no-man's land is that
you're gonna have to play this shot
there's no way that I want you to stay
back the whole time in the baseline to
avoid this area and I don't want you to
play your serve a return a serve or even
an approach shot thinking you're just
going to come flying through no-man's
land just to get up inside the service
line so that you don't have to deal with
a half volley that's down low you're
gonna have to learn how to play this
shot it's not a big deal it just takes
first of all that mindset that says
you're gonna play a shot here you can
accept that but the number two is that
you're gonna take your time you really
don't have a put away opportunity from
this part of the court so you can take
as much time as you need to to be able
to control this shot back to the
specific direction that you want to you
get no value for rushing through this
shot
so once you've gone ahead and got your
mind right about the fact you're gonna
play a shot and here the next thing we
got to work on is your split step and
the timing so that your split step helps
you react to the direction of the shot
that your opponent plays back to you and
you know you've seen on this video where
I'm starting off the feed and my
practice partner I'm coming in behind it
and you know I'm working on the timing
of when do I want to split but the key
here is that you've always got a split
step and you know again get your
practice partner out go ahead you start
the feed you move in and you come in
your split step posture here which is an
unbalanced posture even though you're
slightly rolling through it you don't
literally come to a stop I don't want
you to feel that you come in here and
literally come to a dead stop there's a
little bit of rolling on balance little
forward rolling you're on balance so
that you can react to your right you can
react to your left or if the ball is
played right at you you can get out of
the way and play the forehand or back in
whichever you feel is best for that
particular shot but the key is that you
got to have a split step and you
obviously got to work in the timing the
timing is different depending on so many
different situations but you know the
point now is I want you to get out and
want you to drop the ball start off the
feed and and move in with the practice
partner and just work on that split step
posture on your balance you know one
thing it shouldn't be it shouldn't be
that when you go ahead and come in
behind it and then you feel yourself
kind of falling forward that your upper
body is falling forward you really want
to feel that your chest is back a little
bit and that you've really got good
balance and posture on this all right
the next thing I'm going to work on
after this is going to be is it a volley
or is it a half volley and the thing
we're to talk about is again we're to
get back to balance
whatever shot you can play on balance is
the shot you want to choose alright hope
this is helped get your practice partner
get out there simple drill you can do
this over and over again and do it from
the deuce I'd do it from the outside do
it from the
the court okay any questions right below
in the comments area I want to see
what's going on with you
you know what challenges you're having
with this with this split step and
looking forward to helping you